Day 1: Learned OOP (Classes), introduced the 4 pillars. I also learned about the frameworks which is i guess the Flutter, Qt, and .NET. I continued learning tkinter library in Python which is fun, I feel like it's just HTML but now it has some variables to hold the functions. I also setup C++ which is I failed tonight in setting the output to run in the cmd exactly.
Day 2: Right now, I am just discovering components of laptop which are the internal hardware. I also failed resetting the BIOS password. The CMOS battery removal won't work. Tonight, I learned other aspects of encapsulation, the setters and getters, some preview of vector's function. I kinda don't know how inside some block of codes inside a class works like those random functions inside of it. 
Day 3: I don't know at all what I did. I am so distracted with everything I see. I was about to continue the abstraction lesson but I failed to do so. But yeah, I did some awesome plugins on Obsidian and I guess it's still a win but half only. Just added a special playlist on Spotify hehe.
Day 4: I got so excited about so many things. I discovered sub folders lol that makes me want to be organized with projects, code snippets, and more. I made the .exe files dissappear via configuration of JSON settings. I'm also trying to distinguish class and structure in C++. As of now, I am learning functions, it made me realize about the parameter names logic. What a lame debugging skills HAHA.
Day 5: I missed this. I did VS customization hehe. Learned C++ Structures by making a VAT program.
Day 6: I continued the analysis of my VAT program and tried some other format of functions and variables. I am now planning to do Figma, Web Design as Hobby, but still focusing on C++ and installing Qt now because I want a GUI for a calculator that I am going to do.
Day 7: I hate bubble sort.
Day 8: Today, I am lazy but I did understand some things about bubble sort and its syntax. I also customized again my VS Code. I learned Spanish more today LOL. Buenos dias.
